the large kitchen of the fifth floor
apartment has everything you need to
cook a nice dinner it's got a stovetop
and oven plenty of spices and herbs and
plates and everything you'll need it has
a large refrigerator and it's really
spacious they called it an american
kitchen in france and i think you like
you
the living room of the fifth floor
apartment on Ecole Polytechnique has a
comfortable sofa that can be made into a
bed there's also a television with the
VCR and there's a little balcony that
you can not particularly go out there
and sit but you can stand and watch the
street below it's very charming and
plenty of light in this room
the bedroom in the fifth floor apartment
on Ecole Polytechnique has two single
beds we often push them together if
somebody wants to have one big bed makes
it to a clean and it has lots of light
it's all so quiet and it has a little
balcony as well that overlooks the
street below it's got a lot of charm and
is a good place to get a good night's
rest
the blue and white tiled bathroom of the
fifth floor apartment on a coal clay
technique has a large shower and a sink
and a toilet as French windows it has a
little balcony and that balcony
overlooks the street below its flowers
on the balcony and plenty plenty of
light